what do you think dairy products
for us the most important calcium cate
Calcium Calcium Calcium Calcium each
calcium course
science regarding dairy
industry and bone health
pretty consistent
as well as the national union fighting
osteoporosis use it in their
recommendations
osteoporosis destructive bone disease
which is mainly related to
calcium deficiency
if this is true state with high
consumption of dairy products which
are the main source of calcium in
Western food should have a low
osteoporosis incidence but
according to a study done
outstanding hormone skim scientists
high consumption state
calcium tend to be high
hip fracture rate which is
key indicator of osteoporosis in
really high consumption
dairy products leads to high
the level of osteoporosis is just the opposite.
what does the dairy industry tell us
one of the main mechanisms of this
animal protein prone to education
acid in the state which is called
metabolic acidosis to cope
with this body condition
retrieves the most accessible item for
calcium acid buffering from bones
as calcium is extracted for
neutralizing acid bones weaken
protecting the beneficial properties of milk a lot
public health
organizations now recommend
consume low-fat dairy products
it could be milk yogurt cheese all that
made from milk but the main thing is
recommendation from the american dietary
associations of the national union to combat
osteoporosis cancer cardiovascular
diseases it should contain as much as possible
less fat fat remove protein becomes
more in proportion the products become
richer protein all
poorer in fat and if we compare these
high protein non-fatty foods
for example with cancer incidence
prostate bond is so strong
between smoking and lung cancer